Almeria and Espanyol tied 1 at the
opening day in the match
played in the stadium of the games
mediterranean the Spanish had to
overcoming a great adversity that of
play practically a match hour
with a lesser footballer started
proposing the almería with this good
arrival finished by fernando soriano
the captain fired away from the
goal defended by many box
novelties in both sets six
new players this season in the
Atletico and five new faces
in the eleven of sergio gonzález that
He also debuted as a coach of the Real
sports club espanyol a new
opportunity for almería in this
occasion for jonathan I put the
thwarted kiko box
the replica of the Spanish on set pieces
picking up a rejection at the borders
after a corner the hook goes from
First Viktor Sanchez
in a new corner kick came the
best chance of espanyol in the
first part shot of colotto headdress
by caicedo and just before it
strain tomer hemed the Israeli striker
del almeria avoided 0 to 1
immediately after in action
immediately after just about
seconds later buckle works from
this way to Edgar Mendez was the second
yellow for the former of the Vallecano ray and
Espanyol after half an hour of play
I was left with one less soccer player
from there the group led by
Francisco Rodríguez intensified his
domain and had the best opportunity to
the first part in this hand in hand that
tomer Hemer sent away from the goal
perica
the pass is in the background
there is no offside of genet that just
finishing badly before kiko
box
and one of the men that he put
spicy put party morbid
it warmed up from the start of the second
part and end up participating before the
box that owns your
rights in the last minutes of
shock
images already of the second part with that
first approach for Spanish and
almost immediately this would come
édgar méndez carrerón for the 1 to 0
of the sporting union almeria starting
of the own field pisa rival area is
get rid of all the adversaries that
come out and combine with soriano to
that the veteran captain marquez after
of the chut touch on the post here
we see the bright repeated action the
individual play by édgar méndez that
just associating with soriano for the 1
to 0 from the local team
Edgar titular in the match against
espanyol player who played in the
tenerife last season
and that is called to make one forget
of the important players of the year
past in the Almería players who have
abandoned the entity as is the case
for example from de aleix vidal from
of being 10 the Almeria domain was
total but was slowed down or cut in
certain way by a circumstance how much
least strange a blackout that affected only
half of the stadium half of the
stadium lighting turrets
the mediterranean games went out
and the game was suspended for
approximately 15 minutes
from there always with control of
almeria merry-go-round came through
the team of local basil batch
replacing fernando soriano
becoming the first player
of Thai nationality that plays the
league bbva little later that left me
its place to thievy
already in the final minutes and despite
numerical inferiority Spanish
looked in a desperate draw here the
had david lopez that ends up finishing off
rubén very innocent
this action took place within 12
minutes of addition that hernandez decreed
Hernandez considering of course is
the break very prolonged by the blackout in
the stadium of the Mediterranean games and
in the last play of the match and when
we say the last one is the last one arrived
the tie of espanyol sergio garcía
he lowered that ball into the area with the
it locked a shot that played on a
defender who also took a thread a
unpredictable effect for Ruben and after
hit the post the ball ended
inside
lucky maneuver at the same time
meritorious by the parakeet captain
Sergio Garcia to save a point in the
premiere of sergio gonzález as a technician
of the blue and white team at the end
disappointment for the locals saved a
point in extremis the parakeet team
almeria one spanish one